Umbraco AuthorizedServices 14.0.0 updates (#6299)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: marketplace-and-integrations/packages/authorized-services.md

### Version 14.0.0 and up

> * `JsonSerializer` configuration option was removed, as we'll now just use the CMS default based on `System.Text.Json` only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `JsonSerializer` configuration option was removed, as we will now use the CMS default based only on `System.Text.Json`.
```

>     * Types related to this feature are also removed: `JsonSerializerOption`, `JsonSerializerFactory`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Types related to this feature are also removed: `JsonSerializerOption` and `JsonSerializerFactory`.
```
